Detail spatial reference (#2)
agriculture-vlab/agriculture-vlab: docs/datasets/conventions.md

### Spatial Reference

The spatial dimensions of a data variable must be the innermost dimensions, 
namely `y`, `x` - in this order. If the coordinate reference system (CRS) 

> is geographic (CRS is `EPGS:4326`, `WGS84` or `CRS84`) it is ok and common 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is geographic (e.g. CRS is `EPGS:4326`, `WGS84` or `CRS84`) it is ok and common 
```

to use dimensions `lat`, `lon` - in this order.

#### Regular grid mappings

> In case the spatial grid mapping is regular, the spatial dimensions should 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the spatial grid mapping is regular, the spatial dimensions should 
```

have corresponding 1-D coordinate variables using the same name. That is, 
datasets with spatial dimensions `x`, `y` should provide the 1-D coordinate 
variables `x` and `y`. Spatial coordinates must follow the 
[CF Conventions on Coordinates].

The 1-D coordinates of regular grids should have a uniform spacing, i.e. there 
should be a unique linear mapping between coordinate values and the spatial 
image grid. This implies strictly monotonically increasing or decreasing 

> coordinate values. Ideally, the spacing should also be the same in 

Reviewer 3: Not clear what happens if not. I would delete the whole sentence.

Author: This doc is not about what happens, if convention is not followed. It is a guide for creating datasets so that interpretation problems are mitigated. 

Let's discuss this another PR, if you insist in deleting the sentence.

> x- and y-direction. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the x and y directions.
```

If the coordinate variables and their 1-D dimensions are named `lon` and `lat`, 
this implies a geographic coordinate reference system. 
If the coordinate variables and their 1-D dimensions are named `x` and `y`, 

> this indicates either a geographic or projected CRS it must make use of the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this indicates either a geographic or projected CRS, indicated by the
```

> this indicates either a geographic or projected CRS it must make use of the 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
this indicates either a geographic or projected CRS, and the dataset must make use of the 
```

> CRS encoding described in the  [CF Conventions on Grid Mapping]. This 

Reviewer: Nit:

```suggestion
CRS encoding described in the [CF Conventions on Grid Mapping]. This 
```

> CRS encoding described in the  [CF Conventions on Grid Mapping]. This 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
CRS encoding described in the [CF Conventions on Grid Mapping]. This 
```

requires adding an extra variable named `crs` or `spatial_ref` to the datasets
and refer to it using the `grid_mapping` attribute in the global attributes
or the attributes of data variables.

For non-geographic, projected grids, if space is not a problem, is it a 
common practice to also add 2-D geographic coordinate variables `lat` and `lon`
(WGS-84 implied) both having the dimensions `y`, `x` - in this order.

> See also [CF Conventions on 2-D Lat and Lon].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See also [CF Conventions on 2-D Lat and Lon](https://cfconventions.org/Data/cf-conventions/cf-conventions-1.9/cf-conventions.html#_two_dimensional_latitude_longitude_coordinate_variables).
```

#### Irregular grid mappings 

For irregular grids, the only spatial reference is provided by 2-D coordinate 
variables `lat` and `lon` (WGS-84 implied) both having the dimensions 
`y`, `x` - in this order. A typical use case is a dataset where images are 
provided in satellite viewing geometry. 

> See also [CF Conventions on 2-D Lat and Lon].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See also [CF Conventions on 2-D Lat and Lon](https://cfconventions.org/Data/cf-conventions/cf-conventions-1.9/cf-conventions.html#_two_dimensional_latitude_longitude_coordinate_variables).
```
